Reviews | What Homeowners Say About Brimer Plumbing | Truckee & Tahoe
Trusted by homeowners
What homeowners say
Real reviews from real customers. Here's what homeowners across Truckee and North Lake Tahoe have to say about working with Brimer Plumbing.
Google 5.0
(16 reviews)
4.9 on Yelp (22 reviews)
Live from Google Maps
Five-star Google reviews · · Google Maps
Reviews are not verified by Google.
Review policy
Translated by Google Maps.
View on Google Maps Report
Wes at Brimer Plumbing does great work! Our 29 year-old water heater was leaking and much in need of replacement. Timely, efficient and meticulous work. Clear communication. Patient with our questions. Wes went above and beyond — he cleared old pipes from a former radiant heating system, expanding our storage space and improving safety. For any future plumbing needs, we would call Brimer Plumbing with confidence.
C T.
Davis, CA
Outstanding service from Brimer Plumbing at my cabin in Truckee! Responsive, easy to communicate with, and very patient as I sorted out my situation (including help locating the main water shut off). Wesley explained the issue and outlined repair recommendations in a way that was easy to understand, and Jamie was always available by text and phone. Highly recommend!
K B.
Alameda, CA
A new gas fireplace was on the horizon and we needed someone to draw up the plan, get a permit and install the gas line. The store in Truckee recommended Jamie Brimer and I see why. Prompt, professional and efficient. We don't live full time in the area, but Jamie took photos of his work upon completion and it was well done. He also noticed something in our house and gave his recommendations for our safety. This man is thorough and obviously cares.
Stephanie Y.
Berkeley, CA
Jamie is reliable, efficient and extremely pleasant to work with. He converted my home from propane to natural gas and took care of all the tedious steps, ensuring everything — permits, inspections, working with subcontractors — was taken care of and done well. I wasn't totally happy with an issue with my water heater and he agreed it wasn't ideal and came to make it right. I will always call Jamie first when in need of any job!
Jill S.
Truckee, CA
Had a gas leak during the major storm of winter '23. Jamie Brimer came out to locate the leak and do the necessary repairs. Being in the dead of winter without heat was a major issue obviously, but he quickly handled the permitting from the city of Truckee to get the job done as soon as possible. Definitely recommend.
Chris B.
San Francisco, CA
Fantastic experience when I needed it most! Called three plumbers with strong Yelp ratings and Brimer was first to respond. He committed his plumber to be at my place in an hour and sure enough he was. JP did the work so fast I was still in my first hour so I had him change the direction my handles turned in my bathroom too. JP was super nice, tidy and a great plumber. Will call Brimer again for sure!
Stacy S.
Sacramento, CA
Jamie installed a new gas line for our new propane stove, and it turned out great. He was extremely responsive in all communications, explained everything well, and took care of the permit process. I highly recommend Jamie and his company.
Gregg H.
Rocklin, CA
Jamie installed a new gas line for a new fireplace/stove. He arrived as scheduled for the estimate and performed the work as planned. His instructions how to handle the permit, gas company and city inspection made it a breeze. After discussing my 30+ year old water heater we decided to replace it. There was no sales pitch or hard sell. All the work was done correctly, on schedule and at a reasonable cost.
Larry L.
Menlo Park, CA
I contacted Brimer Construction & Plumbing to get a gas line installed for a new gas stove. Jamie promptly called back and explained everything that needed to be done as far as permits, inspections and final gas company hookup. He provided great communication — calls, texts, email — keeping me updated and guided me through the city inspection and gas company hookup steps. Overall, very pleased with his service.
Phil H.
Pleasanton, CA
Emergency plumbing help available
Call 530-587-0733
Experience the difference
Ready to see why homeowners across Tahoe and Truckee trust Brimer Plumbing? Let us know how we can help.
Request Service
View Five-Star Reviews on Google
View All Reviews on Yelp